the White House says the US doesn't
believe a genocide is taking place in
Gaza our White House correspondent
Kimberly halat's following the story an
asked National Security adviser Jake
Sullivan
why more than 35,000 Palestinians have
been killed as a result of Israel's war
on Gaza still National Security adviser
Jake Sullivan says the Biden
Administration does not see the killing
of Palestinians by Israel as genocide
even as a un report presented back in
March says there are reasonable grounds
to believe that Israel is committing
genocide as defined under international
law how can you say genocide is not
being committed as I just told you I
think the best way for me to answer that
question is actually to ask you to look
at the lay down that we gave which are
you saying this isn't happening are you
saying that she's a
liar the United States is laid down at
the international court of justice in
writing in detail it's position on this
issue and I'd ask you to read it the
National Security adviser also said
there could be a ceasefire in Israel's
war on Gaza if Hamas releases the
hostages he's calling on the
International Community to pressure
Hamas to return to the negotiating table
and accept a deal Kimberly H at Al jazer
the White
House make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer yeah out